Speaker 1  0:00  
Improve the quality of the types of recommendations that were given.

Brian Wright  0:05  
Okay,

Speaker 1  0:07  
alright. And certainly, where that came from was Don and I were having a conversation while I was down in Jacksonville. We went to this place called Wear Works, and it was founded by a guy who has been a lifelong, very successful HVAC guy, sold his business, okay, and he, so you can tell he's not a, not a tech guy, yeah, but he wants to get real things done in the real world, and he's a little skeptical of tech, just because, especially as they're pursuing their idea of, of kind of helping this problem along, you know, they've had a few people come in and talk to them, and apparently have said, "Well, AI is the answer, I'm better than you, at least, right? That's how it's come off, and so he's kind of throwing them out of the room,

Brian Wright  0:52  
right?

Speaker 1  0:52  
And so we were there, and so we were like, "Okay, we're gonna get a talking to, and we just need to hear this fell out, and is Donna, we're talking

Brian Wright  1:01  
HVAC, like

Speaker 1  1:04  
no, no, he sold his HVAC, I'm sorry, he sold his HVAC business, and now effectively what they're doing is they built a building and training centers, and they're kind of doing the physical instantiation of what we've been talking about doing with Greg Collin, right, so I kind of call that the physical layer, and you know what we're talking about is kind of like the digital layer, the digital component to all of this, right?

Speaker 2  1:29  
So,

Speaker 1  1:29  
again, how we could, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:31  
they're partnering, they're partnering with, yeah, they're partnering with the Boys and Girls Clubs, they're, they got these trailers that, that this this other company has built these trailers that have these career simulators in them. You put a VR on, you drive a truck, and you operate a crane, and you do all the things, so you can kind of get a.. it's like an experiential private career in their day,

Speaker 1  1:55  
and they're on their building, right? They're actually putting a solar array up, so people can touch and see all the different components of the solar array, they've got a kitchen right that has all the different components of that, so they're creating this very physical tactile space, which is very cool, right, and as I was telling Don, it's like it's like doing, trying to solve the same problem that we're solving, but in their way, right, so and so, as we got her talking to, you know, one of the things that he was saying is like, well, if you just think you can just take somebody and point them at a, at a training career and think they're going to get a job, you know, you're talking about, right? And he said, because let me tell you, the employers are hiring for this, and all these training programs are training to a different standard than all employers want, and unless you're in this business forever, right, you're not going to know that, and what you're telling these kids, you're, you know, you're, you're, I forget the term he used, but essentially it's like we're walking them,

Speaker 3  2:51  
you know, so he said about seven times these training programs, these schools, they're making people unemployable,

Speaker 2  3:00  
yeah, if

Speaker 3  3:01  
you go to FSCJ JS welding program that's making you unemployable because they're, they're not, they're not teaching to the standards that the employers are looking for, and the schools are slow to change, and they don't care, their model is not to get you a job, their model is to get you to pay tuition

Speaker 1  3:21  
right, and so

Brian Wright  3:23  
will that come into those careers. Then, what's the normative path? I mean, I know he has the career simulator down there, but like, how would you find a welder then? Like, how would that happen?

Speaker 1  3:33  
Well, I guess the way it's kind of going now, somebody shows up and says, 'Hey, I want to learn welding, and they go to a welding program, and unless.. and I guess this is kind of where I'm coming from. unless they know to ask the question. Hey, what standard are you training to, and are there actually jobs and employers out there that are hiring against that standard? Right, people don't know to ask that question, and so what he was kind of saying is, is that there's unless you have intimate knowledge of the field, you can't see these gaps, and so if you guys just do what you're going to do, you're not healthy in so many words, right? And so, Don and I, you know, we talk later, we're both sitting there pooping in their pants, going, "Wow, he kind of makes a good point, right?

Brian Wright  4:15  
Well, there's two things, so one, like part of the value proposition you guys are talking about is like it's a little bit less on the rope technical aspects of how to be a welder, and a little bit of, do you think welding is good for you now, whether you're using the right, yeah, and so, so I think yes and no, so we're still trying to, like, I think facilitate in a way, but you're right, I mean, if we, if we, if we then move into this is what it is like discreetly to be a welder, and that information isn't highly credible, and then you're directed to a program that doesn't actually train you to be a welder, then that's

Speaker 1  4:58  
right, yeah, and I think that's probably that last comment that kind of the light bulb went off in my head, is to because I didn't even think to ask the question, I'm like, well, why, why would they train to some other standard, I didn't know what the standards are, right, and I just kind of realized how ignorant, right, we are of a lot of those, those that kind of minutia, but the light bulb that went off in my head was, wait a minute, if we could talk to him and, like, say, okay, what are all the traps in HVAC, and we talked to a welder, and we talked to a few of these people, like, what are all the traps out there? What are the hidden things? You've been doing this for 30 years, you were meant, what are the things you would say to them, right? And we can record these conversations, I can do that in aviation, can do that here, and I don't think we have to do it in every career field, because my sense is, is that once you sort of capture some of these, right, and you start to create this graph a little bit, you can start to extrapolate and infer a more intimate level of questioning and examination with our candidate when they're trying to figure out what, what job, right, because we're taking these, these very experienced, you know, practice great collar practitioners, right, and we've heard them speak, and right now I'm concerned we don't have that voice in the platform, so that's my brain, which is, I was like, well, can we create some sort of a great collar knowledge graph, you know, as part of our intellectual property, and the proposition to them,

Brian Wright  6:25  
so

Speaker 1  6:25  
right, yeah,

Brian Wright  6:26  
this, this, this business model that you're proposing is represents the last wave of the huge evaluations for AI companies, so there's a portion of the community that is focusing on it doesn't just let me run it out, so there's a portion of the in, you know, the names like Andhra Pic, and you know, the Open AI, all this better, better creating foundational models, right? So they have, they have a crazy amount of data that they can use to build those models, but testing it in sub domains where expertise is required ends up being really difficult. So there's companies like this 25 year old, and then there's another one that's in Europe, and what they did, what they've been, they've been hiring experts in medicine and aviation logistics in these highly identical firms, and they've been presenting them with reinforcement platforms that are the chat bot geared toward their specific area of expertise, and then what happens is that they rate the various, and this happens sometimes in your, you'll see your, your Open AI, say, which response do you like better, and they're doing that because what you've done is you've entered into a distribution space of that model that they are still training and refining to make sure that it's providing reliable context, and so the model, the recent valuations, I mean, it's like a $23 billion company or something in Dane, is that that's the once the foundational models are trained, essentially they these are data brokers and they hire these companies to come in and validate and tune the models before they release them, and so, because there's only so much like Anthropic can actually gather, entertain, so these are secondary data value, so, but I don't think anybody, nobody's doing that for blue collar work, I mean, these were usually, especially in legal contexts, these are markets that they hope to enter and penetrate, so they want some validity of the models to be able to step inside those contacts, like banking and finance, or what they were just hiring people like crazy. Like, I used to get emails, be like, "Hey, do you want to be on our panel? We'll pay you, you know, $5,000 for yes and no, like three hours a week. So, like, people are just easy money, but their entire equity proposition is a contract in a relationship to the individual finding that refund. So, you could say, "What is your area? I have 3000 people in contract, all of which are PhD students, experts that can validate the responses of your models in real time. I can distribute it out the 1000 people that are in this one space, and they'll do it in three weeks, you can validate it, and so they're all getting bought up, so they can do that in house, but you're talking about doing so, I that model is actually pretty easy to deploy and launch the heart, the hard part, like you said, is is developing what I would say is the reinforcement engine associated with the feedback that evolves over time. So, for each conversation, what happens is that there should be, like, you could create, so, like, if we, and I assume Stephanie do it, said, 'Hey, once you could create an agent that just does a lot about aviation. And then essentially he would sit down, and you'd have a series of questions that were that were automatically generated, and then it would ask you, Craig, which one of these responses is better? And then the next person that it would give, it would give the more mature responses to, and then the more mature responses, and the more mature and see it evolve and it's just like a basic reinforcement engine, but the idea is that stochastic and under certain conditions where only few people will look at it, but due to scale, whatever that scale might be, you don't know people you need until you start having them answer the questions, and then it's like there's some visibility associated with the variance of the responses. So, if I do two question, Craig, there's an aviation question. Here's the two responses: you answer A, give to somebody else, they answer B.

Brian Wright  10:34  
And then, at scale, you can imagine what happens is that you know that you're probably right when 80% of people all answer a, and then you move on, so you could start with a pretty good engine, and you could go, but the equity and value there is being able to say we've had 1000 aviators look at this, and across a general spectrum, you know, they all answer the questions the same way, so that would we know it's, we know it's valid, and that's so companies have done,

Speaker 1  11:03  
yeah. So, why couldn't we, as we're attracting our users, right? So, we deploy the model, we start work the where works, and we're like, well, who, you're an HVAC guy, let's, let's, let's ask you questions, right? Let's get, let's extract some information from you to start building this model, right. And then, why, why can't we, as part of then the platform, like, let's say somebody shows up, or at some point either somebody shows up and, like, why you already have 15 years of experience, you know? Would you, and we just nominative, say, well, would you participate in an experiment with us, right? And we just, we're kind of smarter too, based on what we're learning. We can kind of then ask a question, say, were you willing to experiment with us, right? To you know, we say anything we want, right? Or at some point, right, that we kind of just as a reinforcement is after somebody's been with us for 10 years that we know took a certification, then we know to go back to them and they do an experiment with us, right? So that's one way, is that we, we use our own network of gray collar workers that we're going to be attracting and engaging with to provide some of that reinforcement evolution over time, and then early on, right, we focus in on part of our offer to put folks over at Where Works, and then we can still do this independently of Where Works, wherever we have the relationships, right, we can go to Where look, we knowledge graph, right, and we want to work with your group, and we come to still why that's important and invaluable for them to do, but we can first go to these experts that we know are there, and then that's something that we offer to them, and we get, we get that back in turn, is that kind of insight, and then with the idea being, is then it falls behind gray, and gray starts becoming a little more savvy with some of this shit when it comes up, right? So to just do that one little check to say, hey, the school trains to this standard, right, is the job that you're considering, right? Maybe we should ask that question, and maybe there's a way that we can solve that on the back, and then to kind of bring some transparency to that, but I, that just kind of lightweight, whether it's that question or another question, to say maybe that's that's some of the some of the special sauce of gray here to maybe add a little extra value if we can do something like that. Well, you know, I see there's two things that there's two stages, one that what Craig is talking about,

Speaker 3  13:56  
or what I thought we were talking about is gathering information not as enforcement, but as the corpus of information that Gray can can access, because if we have a conversation with somebody who says this program is not training for the needs of our local employers, like there's a mismatch there, and that becomes information that Gray now knows that's different, and here's career advice. Here's a question. Here's two different explanations to the answer. Which one's correct? That's that's reinforcement and validation. That's different than building a corpus. And what Craig was talking about is we can either interview people, we can solicit specific information from from people you know, so instead of you really, hey, will you will you give us, will you just talk to us, we answer these questions, we provide your, provide your advice, it just gets dumped into the dataset, or you can even like once we learn what looked for, we could scrape for conference teachers, keynotes at conferences about these mismatches, or whatever, and we usually data that it exists. A lot of this, these aren't things that people have never talked about out loud, you know. There are there are people who've been very vocal about, so those are those are two different pieces. I just want to make sure that we're we're not inflating the different in my mind, but

Speaker 4  15:39  
I think

Speaker 1  15:39  
I'm not

Brian Wright  15:41  
Let me, so the I think I think they are, they are inherently different, but they are both necessitate community of information that's well informed, so I think to that same end, if for instance in this, I mean, we interview and cornerstone of the conversation is like, hey, if I do curriculum from this particular vendor, and like, how, how useful be a person. This wouldn't be useful at all, because it doesn't have

Speaker 3  16:27  
right. It's more like, it's more like you get a floor, you say, 'Hey, you're hiring people for this job. Where are your successful candidates coming from?

Brian Wright  16:35  
Yeah,

Speaker 3  16:35  
where are the candidates? Like, what training programs are you just not hiring people from, because you know that they aren't preparing your workers. All you need is that information in once, and that becomes useful data. That to me, that's different than you know, which semantic responses is better or more appropriate, or whatever. Like, so I want to make sure that, like, because what Craig was saying was the first, so I didn't want, I wanted to make sure you didn't lock in on on the reinforcement piece as the scale,

Brian Wright  17:11  
as so

Speaker 3  17:12  
speaking of scale,

Brian Wright  17:14  
yeah, that's right, so yeah, you have to think of a, so if we stick with aviation or HVAC, like whatever that might be, the information that is currently resident in a foundational model relative to, like, the hyper-specific information you have, might actually be pretty good, you know. We should test some of these things out, but you know, guaranteed, right, that as soon as you move off of, like, you know, certain level, high-level questions, you start to get down to the fidelity of what training program I should get, or, you know, what is it really like, you know, to do this job. What are the most frustrating parts of that? There's going to be a perfect answer for that, that the foundation models won't know, because they aren't college stores, they have retained information, it's not what they're to do, so no matter if the idea is just to know as much as possible about that particular field, what you would want to do is create a mechanism where once you've created that you can show that response theory back and back and forth because just having one person say this is the correct training this is the training you should take you could host that answer could say if someone asks what should I get that it displays that but it essentially, that's not using a large language model. What's that? What's it doing is using some, you know, it's more like entity response, which is okay. But idea is that what you're trying to do is train the large language model to know that that's the correct response, and in order to do that, usually a wires are like a lot of, a lot of reinforcement, like a high density of information, not just one particular data point that says that, because it will always 100% likelihood that it will not give that response if left, if left to its own regard, given enough time, because so, but if it is to retain it, put it in the database. Then the idea of having natural conversation, if that particular element comes up, you can code it and say always go to this particular line and just read that exactly. But I think, like, what the way, like it would happen in natural discord is for there to be some type of mechanism that reinforces its scale, that it should look for that anomaly, an organic feature of the dialog, and that's a trained response that has to be repeated, and it doesn't mean it has to be like, you know, 1000s of people or something like that, but it might be that, you know, a few dozen people say, "Yes, that's the right response. Yes, that's the right response. Yes, that's right. Response, it all leads towards this idea that once it hears, I mean, essentially that information is then present in this repository, as like, like a de distribution states that it knows to look and understand, and so I think those things are, it's like, if I think they're, I think they're, they're related. Like, if you want to have, like, a natural conversation with Gray about how well it knows an area, the more

Speaker 2  20:31  
full

Brian Wright  20:32  
Gray talks to about that area and reinforces its concepts about it, the better it will know it. And that is what Scale AI did, and that's why they're worth like a $30 billion company, because they figured that out early and built a company around it, and then they have these, they have these like crazy warehouses where they put robots that just do data simulation, like it's insane, they get the stuff they do is amazing, so like, yeah, I think that, that like, if you're leveraging towards that direction, you can always build a system based off, like, hey, I know that this is the, I know that this is like a canonical answer that we want to make into it, but if it might be that the value proposition associated with the platform starts to become like its individual understanding of those areas again, as like an AI feature, and there's probably actually end up being really

Speaker 1  21:28  
right, I mean, because, yeah, because we've talked about, I mean, at the end of the day, the real value here is the data, right, and it's the longitudinal data about the worker, right, and worker behavior and preferences, and just understanding the sector of the works better, but it almost seems self-reinforcing if you can then create like a knowledge graph about that field at the same time, right? So now you understand what general worker behavior, you could probably then segment that to workers in a particular field, as well as having really intimate knowledge of that field, right. And so it's almost, you can kind of slice this up three ways and really get some granular data and information about this sector of the of the workforce, and it's just, it's to your point, it's kind of one thing split three ways, in a way, right? If we've got the right to collect it, to store it, right? If there's the weight strategy around that, I just bought this, I mean, that's where the light bulb went off in my head, like, man, I mean, that's that's money right there, and it's kind of a self-licking ice cream cone, because everything we bring in, and all the data that we bring in on the back end, if we have this right, if we have this right, it's just going to keep building and reinforcing itself.

Speaker 3  22:59  
Yeah, so to that end, Brian, how would, how would you propose we store information for which gray not much gray can be trained? I've already scraped, you've seen the career space straight scraped aliases or kind of associated kind of sub careers or sub jobs and a lot of those have videos attached to them, they've gotten sort of descriptions attached to it, that's the database training center database with all the training programs that have registered, so every training company registered with the government for purposes, but what Craig's talking about data in between

Brian Wright  24:03  
the two,

Speaker 3  24:03  
right? Like, how is the job

Speaker 1  24:06  
it's about in the in between, right? Because those, those in my mind you just said, are just massive look faces, exactly. There's a whole bunch of stuff there, it's pretty well organized, this with that, and you know that result, right? Make as big and as many as we need to be able to buy discrete concrete things, right? But yeah, just mine's mine's all about it's the about in the in between the human gray matter between it all.

Speaker 3  24:41  
How would you, would you feel like, what is your gut said that data structure

Brian Wright  24:49  
is it's almost certainly a vectorized rag database associated with like individual agents for each one of those. There are going to be different ways to do it, so you, there's been a lot of interesting knowledge stuff associated with storing it, not as just a generic vector, but as exactly what you said, as a, as a, as knowledge-based data. My wife was calling me, I'm not sure what's happening there. As a, my ex-wife just called me. Oh, imagine that. Imagine that convenient to each other. So, I, you, you want to, you probably want to store it less like a gigantic vectorized, like data lake, and more to Greg's point, associated with a graphical representation of the density of vectors in that space, and what you would want to have is probably some ontology about how that graph shows up that has commonality between job markets, so if one of the nodes in that graph is training applicability, if you store and organize the natural language in a way where that node is represented by certain syntax, you will be able to measure how well that agent can answer those questions, and that guides how you design the reinforcement engine associated with the questions that you're asking, and that's again why those companies are valuable, because they know how their data represents with the average question that a person might ask, so I, I think it is the the in between, and I think you have to say to yourselves as a result, as it, as it relates to the platform, you know, it's probably doesn't take that much creativity. It's like, what are the things that we know people are going to ask, and then essentially you design the questions and the conversations that you're hoping to mine about this based off those areas that they'll want to know, you know, they'll want to know about what it's like day to day to day, do the job, they're going to want to know how to get hired, you know, what training they should look for, you know, they're they're going to want to mobile, like mobility, I mean, if you could probably get, probably many of the fields that you've captured, so gently to correct what you go down, you talk to the API, those are the questions you ask, and then essentially the way that the data is stored is an analysis graph based off the density of the questions information that you inherited you and that you hope to provide in a natural language way and then what you hope like will you, which might be a reason to build something locally. What you have to guard against is this idea that you know some of the foundational models finally be answering in a way that is coherent enough to be competitive with the service that you're providing, so you have to make sure you know that there's that there's a deviation associated with the fidelity, the information they're providing, as what you are now. It's a central platform, so there's, you know, an equity proposition relative to just the convenience. You'll have the relationships with all of the actual, actual people, so even if there's some, you know, cosine similarity associated with the responses that you're getting, and they're getting from an open model. You can say, well, we've, we, we asked 1000 HVAC people, what it is like. You can say that publicly, and that becomes valuable. You know, there's a, there's an inherent trust associated with, you know, some type of human in the loop validation that ends up being very valuable, so that to me, if you get to a point where you feel like you're, you're, you're density of information is pretty stable, you should always continue to talk to people, because, like, the more you talk about it, the more you have that you are actively doing,

Speaker 1  28:57  
and on this is where I was talking about car, I said this, our moment in AI evolution isn't the easy next step, it's the hard next step, because we're connecting the real world to the AI, that's where there's so much value right now, right, and so if we're willing to do that legwork to go get it all, to validate it all, to get it stored, get it stored right, build those knowledge graphs. Holy shit, right, that's the legwork. Every other entrepreneur out there, that's sitting behind the computer vibe coding, they don't want to do it, they don't know to do it well, they don't like, because it's, I mean, thinking about it makes you tired.

Speaker 2  29:36  
Well, right.

Brian Wright  29:37  
Well, I think the other thing is that what's what the huge advantage, and I actually, I did, I did some, the huge advantages that you have is that you have, you have a business idea that supports the concept, so I think that that people may know that scale AI is, they know what they're doing, I mean, they're doing exactly what they've done, it, so they're like that, nobody can, like that's done, but what you're doing is something different, right? You're finding probably a space that people wouldn't logically come to just by sitting in their room, just saying, How can I compete, design a scale AI? You know, wouldn't

Speaker 1  30:14  
this become the differentiator, because the other meeting that we had on Friday, before we had this other one, then I will tell you, just the meeting did evolve from there, and it ended in a good place, and they're looking forward, as though it's coming back again, because we listened and not, and it stood our ground, but in a respectful way, but, but I mean, when I, but earlier that day, right, we had a meeting, and with a VC, and there's going, yeah, a lot of people are out there doing that, and then we're in that meeting, and he tells us about Jeremy, and I'm just like, right, there probably are a lot of people out there trying to do the same damn thing, and so it's like, well, so what's special, what's what's so special, right, and where's the real, the real value, and what are people probably not working on where we can still move forward with the same thesis, right? But we're creating, we're creating that nug, so not only as a result, is our, you know, people, because I think people are going to figure out over time, right? They're going to go to Jeremy, and they're going to get pissed off at Jeremy, and just then they're going to eventually find somebody who says, well, pretty damn good, pretty insightful. They seem hell they're talking about, so go there. And I think coming now, if they do this kind of work, are going to just fall off because people aren't stupid, mission, they're going to pick up on these little nuances, these little differences, that's either going to keep them there or send them someplace else.

Brian Wright  31:45  
Well, they, you know, one of the other platforms, that's what we're funding, and then they just acquire your data,

Speaker 1  31:53  
that too.

Brian Wright  31:53  
I mean, it's very popular. I mean, it's lots of people pursuing this kind of, like, you know, logical connection that, right? So this is might

Speaker 2  32:03  
actually be, I think,

Brian Wright  32:06  
yeah,

Speaker 1  32:07  
and I think so. This, you know, what I'm like about this, I was thinking about it's putting more and more of are we going to be successful back in our own hands, right? Because, like, if this is part of the strategy, it's like, well, if we're willing to go out there and do this and create this, it will be valuable. We can make it successful, even theoretically, at the front door, right? And,

Brian Wright  32:37  
like, you know, incentives matter, you know, I think, like, you, when you, when you think about it, they'll probably have to be there's probably some you're gonna have, you're gonna have to create a market which people respond to in a way where they'll come and talk to you, and so this is like, I don't know what that market looks like when they're doing the fancy stuff, especially it's expensive, but the value they got out of that expense was like, you know, 10 times, 100 times, like, whatever. So the question is, is then like, what do you have to pay an average 10 year HVAC to come talk to you? Is it $500 and then you know that then I think that's that's becomes part of the like value proposition, as what you say is like an initial funding round, like that's your big expense, essentially is allocating switches out to experts, so you could pull that information in the

Speaker 3  33:37  
well,

Brian Wright  33:37  
and having that platform is yes,

Speaker 1  33:40  
there's a part of me that is based on a conversation we had earlier, right? Is you go to people, and because we've identified this big problem of their blue collar entrepreneurs to take over all the businesses from the old minimum, you almost go to them and say, look, we can create a market for you to buy your businesses if you work with us and just tell us what's up, so we can help make people certain, so they feel more comfortable paying the right amount for your business and coming with you and taking it over. That's create your own buyers,

Brian Wright  34:16  
that'll work for some people. 500 bucks, 500 bucks will work for somebody else,

Speaker 1  34:20  
you that we got to throw that in our budget, raise an extra million to people's knowledge, right? But it

Brian Wright  34:28  
might be easier, like, you know, I do think I do think all of you, all these strategies may inherit, they make a lot of sense. It very, very much ties into what we had originally talked about, I think, and I mean, I gave advice to a to an emerging tech company recently that's like in there, they're doing very interesting things with drones, but they also have sensors on that that are not every, every type of drone that they're pulling out, so they're building an entire data reinforcement warehouse where they like capturing that information as they're deployed in theater, as like another equity play associated with how they're organizing information, enforced Palantir's model, or whatever, and I think this helped a lot of that, but they felt like, you know, doing better ideas off how that this isn't situation, you know, because you, you know, like, you're, you know, the if you, if you're in the situation where, like, you find you have your competitive advantage is that you're generating data in a way that some other company isn't, like, given a long enough timeframe, that information will always be valuable, like, it just, it's just, you know, that's the whole reason you design a business is owner to gather information that is uniquely in that to that particular business, so and

Speaker 3  35:48  
so

Brian Wright  35:49  
this is why we've been saying,

Speaker 1  35:50  
yeah, that kind of this is a LinkedIn plus an Indeed plus a Coursera, but now it's plus right all around, all around the 100 million people that we define as Greg Collar. I mean, there is value in that.

Brian Wright  36:08  
Totally, I agree. I mean, I can imagine a scenario where you're, we have conversations with 10s of 1000s of people, you have a knowledge graph that based off those conversations that people will be very interested in that.

Speaker 1  36:19  
Yeah, and we're, and so all of our marketing is either future great collar workers, great collar workers, or transitioning great collar workers. I mean, it is, it's designed to be a honey pot for people who give shit.

Brian Wright  36:34  
Yeah, yeah, and I would just make sure, yeah, yeah, just if you're the one doing that, you know that I don't know well, maybe there's

Speaker 1  36:42  
something I think if we sat in front of a VC and talked about that, right, they're not going to go, but he's doing that, they're like, I might have heard of one other person do that, right, or trying to, but you've got a better strategy, and that's this relationship with works, and if we can make the right offer with them, because what we were talking about my says can we, because where works is focused on the five northeastern counties of Florida, that's their AOR, and I'm like, well, it's 1.8 million people, they've got every cooler thing there, it's a major metropolitan area, semi rural, it's all there, it's a great for the whole freaking country, right. So, if we can find a way and a strategy to work with where works to develop the models to develop relationships, how do we ingest this data, the questions we ask, right? How do we create that digital layer for their physical network that out as kind of our incubator space, because we have the intimacy because of that relationship. Ultimately, that becomes the national solution, because it's easily scalable.

Brian Wright  37:56  
Well, it'd be interesting to think about as your scale strategy associated with the density of particular jobs in one area graphically, like you know, HR, I guess that's present everywhere, but like I perfect example, solar panels comes to mind, there's probably wind, you know, wind technicians, that there's going to be there's going to be states in metropolitan areas that have much more representation, like in a dense job factor, that aren't enforced, so like your expansion should be associated with probably the diversity associated with a particular job in any one urban region.

Speaker 1  38:36  
So, what do you, what do you think about this is kind of part of our roadmap, if we were to do, try to get two two data points, we were trying to find in northeastern Florida, so the Wear Work service area.

Brian Wright  38:52  
Yeah,

Speaker 1  38:53  
what is the what does the gray collar demand look like, and job growth look like, where are the most, the top five jobs now? And just to get that data, say, over the next five years, right? How is gray collar job market supply demand going to change over time? Right, you can go all right. Well, we can sort of then now prioritize, we're going to tackle these first five first and get really good at these five, and we just then sort of put that roadmap out there to create this knowledge graph, and we look at the national data similar, and we compare those two, and then we make decisions like what are those are the first five areas, whatever the right number is that we focus on, get really good at, and then that gives them focus on the schools, because it's focused on, you know, on a lot of things, because again, I think once you lick a job category, you can add job categories pretty readily, you just got to know which

Brian Wright  40:00  
one to add, that's right, and I think part of your expansive strategy has to be essentially diversification of like the job base, like wherever you, wherever you're particularly like that changes in Northern Florida, right? But it was need to be like, if you.. I don't know, maybe I don't know, maybe regional expansion might make more sense, I don't know, that's interesting. Different ways

Speaker 1  40:22  
I would say this, Northern Florida, you've got one that it shows up, but it's nine, but in a national survey shows up. Yeah, well, let's, let's go ahead, and even in our local, the case to be made, even though it's nine locally, it's two nationally to start by using the local area, knowing that there's high value potential, you need to look at it through those two lenses, as you know, the top 25 gray color career fields that grow potential, or have however criteria you want to try to have the most demand, right, the most unfilled jobs, whatever it is, right. We look at that and go, this is why we're, why we're targeting these areas first. And then I think it provides a shit ton of focus to make sure we're getting schools, we're getting the data, we're getting exquisite in those areas of our marketing speak to that, look, we're hoping on that item first, right, and then we're moving into other areas, you know, over over time, and it just helps focus the problem, as well as focus the way of tackling the problem,

Brian Wright  41:36  
you know, and I have from, like, a very good idea for you guys to focus on a super subset of those particular jobs, and if the regionality associated with that Florida drives you towards that, I think that's like a really healthy, a healthy choice. Like the initial, I got all the tables and all the things, like the initial analysis associated with like the diversity of like long and short form descriptions, and then if you add, like, like the more quantitative features associated with a lot of actual conformity. What I mean by it doesn't appear first glance, and I've just started at first glance. There doesn't seem to be like a wide diversity of syntax in between jobs, but it's very possible that they cluster in a way, which I haven't gotten to yet groups of jobs, so if you know some set of those jobs, then possible you could, you could make the attention to say if you like H back, you will hold, and then as you build knowledge about the just discrete between those like that comes from the interviews, and then you've developed like you develop a unique job, is but what you really want to be answering this current fact, because I know, worry, but I want to pick the ones that are right for me, and that would, that would allow natural conversation to occur could start, you know, with a subset of jobs, and still say, you know, still provide high quality information. Be like, look, we're still coming in from this particular job, but these are the ones that seem to be most related.

Speaker 1  43:15  
Yeah, I think we can write, so kind of what we were thinking before this, we can keep doing, keep collecting the data. We know there's data out there, keep doing it, keep doing our assessment engine, keep doing, keep doing, but but what's going to happen is what we're driving towards, and how we're coaching them, how to mention them, and how we're advising them will be sooner for the high value demand areas, right. And then over time it will get better across board, right.

Brian Wright  43:53  
Yeah,

Speaker 1  43:54  
so so we don't have to stop right doing the matching and building the network in the schools, and we don't even have to focus, I mean, we can do that anywhere that anybody's willing to engage with us on, right? Focus, we're seeking out, right, and what we're pursuing in terms of knowledge, right, would be in these top x areas that that we define until like we've gotten to that level of knowledge, right, to where we'll keep reinforcing over time, but we don't need to keep gathering new, we just need to then use our platform to sort of test and reinforce and validate right once we have enough, or however we define enough of Ross put,

Brian Wright  44:40  
yeah, yeah, I think that's, yeah, that makes sense. I mean, in the, like, I said, the I have a whole little summary of the data tables to show you guys, like, the quality is getting to that another time, but, like, pretty pretty good value, like, right out of the gate there, so you could start building on that, and then, if you add contextual information, you know, through conversation interviews, like,

Speaker 2  45:08  
yeah,

Speaker 1  45:08  
so, Dawn, this is so, then I want to make an offer back to where works, and says we heard we don't want to build a piece, right, and we make sure that if people get in, if you drive people in, right, that they're getting this good high-quality advice, we got to figure out what is that offer back to where works, because again, as part of our differentiation, as part of our fundraising, that if we lay out this strategy, and we can have a really well right physical layers doing this, who were really well aligned, and how we're seeking to solve the problems in terms of simulations, the philosophical everything. What we're trying to achieve, and we're just focused on them, is is focusing on creating that digital layer and harvesting their investment in the physical layer. I think that's, I mean, that becomes a more fundable story when you pair it with, well, how are you going to get people to talk to you, and how you going to start getting this data? Is like, no, no, we already have that network through this partnership, right? And they're focused in solar HVAC, right? But, and that's where we're going to focus initially. And then you put that national data, say, well, we did our survey, this is why we're focusing on these five fields,

Brian Wright  46:22  
I'd also try and make some relationship with local unions as well. And then I think the play associated with them is like, look, if you want to have like a healthy pipeline into this field, like require union members to talk to us for 10 minutes, you know, that might be really, really valuable. I think they would like the idea, the visceration of, like, the small businesses from generation to generation, because the viability of the union dissipates when the members aren't paid dues,

Speaker 1  46:49  
so, so, in our three and a half million ask, I would throw in another 2 million to say it's to pay people to go out and collect the data, and to give us the data, and we put a little bit of asterisk around it, and whatever that statistic is, where you, what they paid, they got, you know, 100x back on that, because they created that knowledge graph. It seems like a good investment of $2 million

Brian Wright  47:17  
Yeah, I don't know, I don't know that we're able to find that. I mean, I don't, if you say the words, yeah, I mean, should be okay there, like the most of those venture capitalists, guys are gonna like that particular model, there's kicking their kicking themselves because they didn't invest it early, so if you talk about like those firms and then what the, how their equity is associated with getting like information from experts in the natural language way, they should understand that, yeah.

Speaker 1  47:44  
And that's where that, I mean, and you just show a nice health, a really nice healthy there to show that that's as we know how we know if we really invest heavily in it, we can create something really stable that we can then build, build on right. Also, from every other joker out there that's trying to do this, Grace is going to be a better, more recognizable, attractive voice for this workforce. Yeah, you might

Speaker 2  48:17  
let me ask this if we want to start conversations, whether it's people to jump on a Google Meet with me for conversation,

Speaker 3  48:34  
we've got, you know, just transcription everything right. So, recording, I don't think it's recording this particular meeting, but you know, Notion records meeting, actually, there's.. I can say it righting.

Speaker 1  48:48  
Good, I'm not going to remember

Speaker 3  48:52  
as a tactical question.

Brian Wright  48:58  
Yeah,

Speaker 3  48:58  
what can I set up? Is it in Super base to be able to take these trips, put them somewhere, and then attack those with, like, they've got to get categorized and tagged, and I don't know what the fuck of vector is, really, you know, with respect data.

Brian Wright  49:24  
Yeah, it's okay.

Speaker 3  49:26  
So, like, how do we get to.. so that, like, I had this conversation with the union boss, and he said this was all around dock workers, right? So that's Stephen Orson Berger, and I don't even know long term in our database, but maybe I do, but

Brian Wright  49:50  
I, the new tools associated with doing this make it actually very straightforward, like you, there's a really good, and I mean, again, it, you know, stiff is like the large language model guide, like the vectorizing a database is essentially take you just, you're taking all of the words and turning them into numbers, you know, and then essentially it ends up being frequency counts associated with how often they show up. I mean, yeah, it's a little bit more essentially. It's like, yeah, I mean, yeah, but it's not. It's not that different. I mean, the idea behind how a large language model works is, it just, it's just the likelihood that's just distribution. distributions and density, so then there's probability the reinforcement mechanism. What it does is it says this is the word you should use, not this one, because remember it's going to be like it's always going to be, you know, inherently different every time, right? But reinforcement errors, the likelihood that it produces an error, an error, but you can capture that information, like in when I, when I do this outer AI, it'll give me a full transcript, just if you're using the workforce level to be an API that allows you to pull out that raw text that you can then take and put directly into Super Base, and Suba should be able to immediately vectorize it and turn it into a vector, a vector-based data store. I think it's actually been playing around like there was an optional scheme on, or something that is a vector at least one, so you don't even have to know what that vector means, you just have to say creating a database, then Discord for long short, exactly how to store that vectorize everything, and then as you add to it, it just does it over and over again, and then enough information there, then the idea is that you shift that it is a vector-based one, but it becomes a knowledge graph. The vectors themselves become embeddings that show representation of light, where knowledge lies, you know. So, like a canonical example, this might be like we had - we had there was this syllabus project world where somebody mined 200,000 syllabuses, they converted all the taxes in the syllabus, and then they created knowledge graphs based off the area with which the syllabus covered, you know. So, there was an island of business, and an island of education, and an island of, you know,

Speaker 3  52:34  
mr. Toys. Yeah, and then we'll do

Brian Wright  52:37  
is see which were lapped significantly, and they, because they were trying to understand, like, where data science showed up, and as it turns out, it was right between statistics and years, so we already knew, but that's where essentially the vectorized word embeddings of the density with the knowledge graph, I'm just saying, what words like showed up, like in space, so I, you know, we should be able to put something together, like the question then becomes like, what is the, so there are these rag databases, which are retrieval augmented variation rate, which is a actually a separate store that you're gets shopped through, and then it pulls context out of that, and then puts it into the inference engine, and then generates based off the information it took from the foundation model and from your rag model, and what you want over time is that if your rag model, if your rag database gets to be really good, you can actually track how much engine uses your rag database versus foundational model as a metric for the quality of information that inferring I don't know if that makes sense, so like at prompt time

Speaker 4  53:55  
I understand completely.

Brian Wright  53:57  
Okay, so that would be and then there's really good tools called like Lag Chain, which is like a free open source that you create a vector database, you can do it, you include them in your pipeline, you add whatever fucking stupid foundation model you want to use your vector basis prop response, and it's like my graduate student, of course, so they start getting about our, and there's all the commoditized stuff that you can use to be able to do that anyway. End of the story is, I would sometimes week if you want, like, if there is, like, a vectorized knowledge graph option, which is a very specific type of database that you could use inside superpower, and then I would, I would just, you just upload the fly file, just like text, and then the idea, though, is that you, you code it in a separate space, right, so you don't want to put the same conversation you had with an aviator, it's the same conversation you had with a longshoreman. The idea is that you have a separate substantiation for each one of those, and then that becomes essentially like your, your augmented generation databases, like the bigger, more quality that gets, the better the large language model is going to be saying this is what it's like, or like this, the trade is what you need to know for that particular space.

Speaker 3  55:27  
Well, that's what I'm, what I'm trying to figure out is operationalize this, so that I can, or Craig can, or anybody on our team can have a conversation and either have Google recorded or wherever it gets recorded that gets into the database in such a way that we can through this later, like I'm not, were you concerned about

Brian Wright  55:58  
probably that goes from like the development side of the recording software that automatically takes that and puts it into your right, I mean, you also literally just download up, I mean, you know, it would probably be that easy, like the density of information associated with captured text is so lightweight, like you can put the entire internet on five, like you know it's not like literally like you know it's not gonna take up any space at all, especially once it becomes like vectorized, you know, the storage is actually pretty cheap images, that's the thing you worry about, text is like you know it's not a thing, so I mean, you could do

Speaker 3  56:43  
well, but if I could take a conversation, and I can like a Notion, every meeting can have some, some deals associated with it, have I can say this was what was the type of interviewee was it an employer, was it a workforce group, was a trainer, was it a worker, was a student, and then what were the what were the fields that were talked about, and because somebody may talk about their workforce agency, they're going to talk about all kinds of different jobs, if they're an employer, they may talk about six different jobs. If they're a training company, they're going to talk about whatever they train for, and if they're a worker, they're going to talk about whatever they're working in. Right, so that I just want to actually want to create a way for us to have these conversations and just throw them over the wall, and over time we can do different things with them. I don't know, it doesn't have to be what the final structure is. Essentially, I want to collect my receipts in a shoe box right now.

Brian Wright  57:52  
Yeah,

Speaker 3  57:52  
and we can build the texture in later, but I'm trying to figure out what kind of blue box I need, and if there's specific information that I absolutely need to get every time that I plan for that, because I could do that programmatically if I know what it is, or I could just say, "Hey, before you throw this over the wall, make sure that it's got these things. I just don't know,

Brian Wright  58:16  
well,

Speaker 3  58:16  
and you may not either. I don't know.

Brian Wright  58:18  
Well, I think if you brainstormed and said, what are the very likely questions that any particular user that comes to the site would ask, that's what you need to ask the people that you're interviewing, essentially ontology with which you conduct that interview. A free forming one is fine, but it's not really what you want, you know, like what you really want is like the contextualized information based off like prompts that are likely to occur, and then you don't, you don't work, you don't, there's no like meta structure that says all of that just goes till like a swimming pool, you know, and it gets dirt around in there, and then you know whether someone's in the deep end or in the shallow or whatever the idea is, that all that water is relative to, like, one particular job area, and that when the large language model gets prompted, it knows where to go to pull out the right bucket of information. I would worry about what is the information you want to retain, and less about, you know, flagging it as a, you know, an entry level person or a training level person, or part actually won't really matter, because it, the idea is that it should, if you've done right, it have a density of information about how to respond to various prompts, regardless of, so, like, if you feel like you need to have more information about HVAC, as it relates to be what it is to be a person that's training for that field. You need to just interview more people database better. It should organically be able to, like, identify, because remember, it's all probabilistic, you know. As soon as the person says trainee, it shifts to a different surface of the large language model, and then all the proper responses are associated with trainee. If it says quality of life, it exists to the other surface, and then all the quality of life, so the quality of the responses is less about how you organize it and more about how much data that your density you have associated with the likelihood of the words surrounding that particular property show up,

Speaker 1  1:00:17  
so we would want to, let's say it's 15. We figure out a way to say if somebody comes to grade inquiring about a career field, we'd want to figure out maybe the top 15 questions that they're going to ask and try to get everybody to provide a response to those 15 questions. Then we can have an open question that says anything else you want to say, because it's just more context come input, right, that may or may not associate with that, or it could be associated with the future question, but it's just more, but so we want to have as get as much structured information or responses as we can that's linked to a discrete question that may be asked, because then it's better, right?

Brian Wright  1:01:06  
Not to put too fun of a point on it, but this is why those platform-based with reinforcement tools, because the interest part is something, and so what they do is they jump in of knowledge, not point generate of existing knowledge, not from here thing from so that's why when you interview these people, they ask 15 question these text responses is better than is there something I'm missing based on text is so much than any of you, it's like a much more quantified, and so it might be that once you get over, you put that the vector database is working well, like your augmented information is working well, the value proposition, like having

Speaker 2  1:02:00  
oral conversation starts, because you just,

Speaker 1  1:02:04  
I agree, right? The oral part of it is his little boot, you know, kind of boots on the ground to sort of get things started.

Brian Wright  1:02:14  
Well, you still, you're still interviewing them, let's be clear, like you're still, you're still mining them from data, just doing it in the methodology that best serves,

Speaker 1  1:02:21  
yeah, yeah, yeah,

Brian Wright  1:02:26  
and you still might even start out like, hey, let's just talk, let's have a beer chat, and then after that be like, hey, we developed this platform, take a look at these, to some of the things we just talked about, tell me if you agree or disagree,

Speaker 1  1:02:38  
well, that's the where that could be, where time

Speaker 3  1:02:43  
Semi-structured,

Speaker 1  1:02:44  
go have a beer conversation, and say, well, I'm going to come with, right?

Brian Wright  1:02:50  
Yeah, so

Speaker 1  1:02:52  
refined

Brian Wright  1:02:53  
people love that it makes them have, it makes me feel valued, you know, they're like, develop AI's really cool, guy, like that's a great, that's a great dinner story that they can't wait to tell something that people like it on the leave of them wanting to do that, is especially paying, you know, a little bit, there's, you know, there's, I think, all the things that you guys say about this, you know, it's like the future, like, hey, you know, we're trying to get social ethics, like, you're helping out your union, you know, that that feels good, and also, here's

Speaker 2  1:03:38  
500 I can get faculty to do a lot for $500 especially psychology, when you just like say that. What do you want to do? Except for DC,

Brian Wright  1:04:00  
he has his own startup anyway, but yeah, so I think you,

Speaker 1  1:04:04  
so

Brian Wright  1:04:06  
what it costs to add a new job, 100,000 of VC funding, like to these jobs, you know, something like

Speaker 2  1:04:21  
that.

Speaker 3  1:04:26  
If it's 100,000 per job, that means 10 jobs is a million dollars, and we have 7739 cents. Well, what

Speaker 1  1:04:35  
is worth 20 billion?

Brian Wright  1:04:38  
Yeah, well, I have to go back and look since it's built like 2025 26 million something. There you

Speaker 1  1:04:46  
go. What's so turning 700 million into 23 billion seems like a pretty good ROI to me

Speaker 5  1:04:55  
anyways the $150

Brian Wright  1:04:57  
Yeah, that's maybe it's 525 $25,000 yeah. Well, and then the thing is, like, you're not going to need these jobs, are going to overlap, like they're just going to overlap, so like, like you know the, you know, the deepest ocean trench worth of like conversational data for every job to be able to respond

Speaker 1  1:05:27  
well, right? Because when I think about H back, what do we really.. I mean, we're really talking about electrician, right? I think we can group some of these fields into bird class.

Speaker 3  1:05:39  
Yeah, that's already done,

Speaker 1  1:05:41  
right? Yeah, I mean, so if we had a class we can talk to in the class, we could talk to an H pack, talk to a, talk to a, talk to a, and we kind of create a good electrician class, or good, you know, home tech class, right? Commerce are a little different, right? Yeah, I mean, would that work, Brian? Like, I'm kind of focused on logical classes of jobs.

Brian Wright  1:06:08  
Yeah, totally. Yeah, I mean, it should work. And then, like, your ability to be able to associate those jobs will go way up based off the more conversation, and you'll know, like, what certain stuff shows up that becomes organic to that particular job, just based on it doesn't always work, always be perfect, but like you know, it's like if the same types of words show up after you have 100 conversations about one job, and that seems very similar based off the first 10 you've had with another job, you can probably start making some logical transfers, you know, associated with, like, what those, what those look like, which, you know, it's gonna, you know, yeah. Anyway, I mean, that's the whole point, right? It's not supposed to be perfect, but these are like the top 10, you know. And then you could have conversation. I still think, like, the idea behind standing to have people that are actual experts in that field have an actual real human conversation, someone is still like a thing you should consider, you know, like a mentorship model. Yeah, I think that would add to people's trust factors, so you don't have to have a ton of them, like people, you know, the talk, and I could see my for you, like I'm working with that other country to have us have a have a searchable, just like a little toy project, like a searchable chat bot that like captures their project information rather is recording their meetings and like upload document, and then they just then have them be like talked about in June. Yeah, it's just like a rack pipeline now that I think about it. Actually, I'm pretty sure it's Jonathan. I'm sorry, Craig, it's your company that I'm doing that. Oh, okay, yeah, that's right. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah, that's right. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:11  
that's my company. This is my company, right?

Brian Wright  1:08:15  
But it was all like discreet about it, but it turns out it was yours. So, yeah, we

Speaker 1  1:08:21  
can, we can use a little bit of cross pollination.

Brian Wright  1:08:25  
Yeah, no, it's fine. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:28  
well, so yeah, I like, I like this. This is, this is, I think this is putting us on where we need to be, right after really thinking through and hearing from, yeah, I think now we've now we're developing story that really doesn't take us off track, it just deepens it and differentiates more.

Brian Wright  1:08:54  
Yeah, I don't think it's actually very different to what you propose at all. I think it's just like

Speaker 1  1:08:58  
no

Brian Wright  1:08:58  
logical orientation of what you're doing changes

Speaker 1  1:09:03  
a little bit, yeah, just kind of putting a face to it, right, a voice to it, and sticking it in our plan, it makes it really interesting and more investable, and I think a better platinum, so, so that was the value of those two conversations we had on Friday. For me, don,

Brian Wright  1:09:24  
yeah, I think it sounds a lot more fun.

Speaker 2  1:09:29  
Yeah, I think

Speaker 1  1:09:31  
I like, I like it.

Brian Wright  1:09:32  
They're interesting,

Speaker 1  1:09:33  
and I appreciate your, your clarity around it, Brian. It brings a lot of confidence, right, to this is that you can, you could just, how this works in your brain, it'll help us, you know, a lot more easily. Go out there and,

Speaker 2  1:09:49  
yeah, treat

Brian Wright  1:09:51  
well, and see what they say. Maybe interesting here, the feedback, you know, if it's a saturated, I mean, who knows. I have developed Appendix A, I think. Don, I did like Greg. I did like last

Speaker 2  1:10:06  
milestones.

Brian Wright  1:10:07  
Yeah, the milestones. I'll send it. I'll send it over to you. I just been trying to like noodle it a little bit. I'm not overly.. I haven't really done one of these before. Eve is a bit new for me. So, taking some time to try and understand, but I just try to make it a little bit more discreet, and I, in reasonable, positive to like the expectations. So I'll send it to you, you let me know what you think.

Speaker 3  1:10:33  
Sounds good.

Brian Wright  1:10:36  
And then after that, I'm fine with, like, whatever the language is in the current. I don't want to, I don't want to trust you guys, so it's all good, and so you'd be greeted like that a little bit more detailed appendix, then then I'll just, you know, I'm already, I'm already doing a lot of the work, so I think it's all good, so I'll just sign that, and then we can move forward, I have legal counsel, they always charge me too much, so I don't think I'm gonna write, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:11:02  
guys.

Brian Wright  1:11:05  
Anyway, I may have to take, like, a quick thing at it that might delay it for a little bit, but I'm hopefully, hopefully not. So, does that sound okay? Yeah, all right. I have a draft of it. I'll try and send it to you this afternoon.

Speaker 3  1:11:18  
Sounds good.

Brian Wright  1:11:19  
Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:11:20  
thanks.

Speaker 1  1:11:21  
All right. Don, can you hang up?

Speaker 3  1:11:23  
Yep.

Speaker 1  1:11:24  
Okay. All

Brian Wright  1:11:25  
right, guys. Thank

Speaker 1  1:11:26  
you. Thank you very much.

Brian Wright  1:11:28  
Yeah, no problem. Bye.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:29  
Okay, so look good.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
